ENH: Allow plotting backend to be an option (#28622)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.0.0.rst

- Bug where :meth:`DataFrame.boxplot` would not accept a `color` parameter like `DataFrame.plot.box` (:issue:`26214`)
- Bug in the ``xticks`` argument being ignored for :meth:`DataFrame.plot.bar` (:issue:`14119`)
- :func:`set_option` now validates that the plot backend provided to ``'plotting.backend'`` implements the backend when the option is set, rather than when a plot is created (:issue:`28163`)

> - :meth:`.plot` now allow a ``backend`` kwarg to allow changing between backends in one session (:issue:`28619`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :meth:`DataFrame.plot` now allow a ``backend`` keyword arugment to allow changing between backends in one session (:issue:`28619`).
```
